Provide more guidance on asking questions (#6226)
geodynamics/aspect: CONTRIBUTING.md

a paper is always appreciated. Keep in mind that for significant
and scientifically creative contributions by a community member
(but usually only then) a co-authorship on a publication
is appropriate.

## Reporting bugs and asking questions

It is a great help to the community if you report any bugs that you
may find. We keep track of all open issues related to ASPECT
[here](https://github.com/geodynamics/aspect/issues).

Please follow these instructions before opening a new bug report or ask
a question:

- Make sure you have run your model in [DEBUG mode](https://aspect-documentation.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user/run-aspect/debug-mode.html). DEBUG mode reports many errors in greater details and may already solve your question.
- Search in the [list of open and closed issues](https://github.com/geodynamics/aspect/issues?q=is%3Aissue)
  for a duplicate of your question.
- Search in the [ASPECT forum](https://community.geodynamics.org/c/aspect) for a
  duplicate of your question.
- If you did not find an answer in the previous searches, open a new question:
  - If you suspect you have found a bug, open a new [issue](https://github.com/geodynamics/aspect/issues/new) 

>   and explain your problem as described below.

Reviewer: did you do this line break without indentation on purpose? It looks a little off.

Author: That was an accident. Fixed now. I also modified some line breaks to make sure long links are on one line.

  - If you are not sure how to set up a model, ask a question in
    the [ASPECT forum](https://community.geodynamics.org/c/aspect) as described below.

>   - If you are not sure what to do, also open a question in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If you are not sure what to do, you can post a question in the
```

    [ASPECT forum](https://community.geodynamics.org/c/aspect).
- In either case, attach the following information:
  - a parameter file with a simplified and small model that reproduces the issue,
  - the `log.txt` file that was created during the model run,
  - one or several screenshots of the full error message you saw on your screen,
  - any information that helps us understand why you think this is a bug (screenshots, data series, comparisons to reference results, etc.)
  - instructions how to reproduce the problem.

> Without providing the information above, we will less likely be able to help you, it may take significantly longer until

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without providing the information above, we will be less likely be able to help you, it may take significantly longer until
```

place to inhabit. Therefore, we ask that you keep your inquiries
polite, take some effort to make them easily readable, and
include all useful information as described below. If there is
something you can test on your own, please test it first,
before asking a question on the forum.

There is no guarantee that we can or will help with your problem, but
you are welcome to contact us and we will try to jointly improve
ASPECT for your application case. Depending on the level of
effort provided a thank you note or an acknowledgment in
a paper is always appreciated. Keep in mind that for significant
and scientifically creative contributions by a community member
(but usually only then) a co-authorship on a publication
is appropriate.

## Reporting bugs and asking questions

It is a great help to the community if you report any bugs that you
may find. We keep track of all open issues related to ASPECT
[here](https://github.com/geodynamics/aspect/issues).

Please follow these instructions before opening a new bug report or ask
a question:

- Make sure you have run your model in
  [DEBUG mode](https://aspect-documentation.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user/run-aspect/debug-mode.html).

>   DEBUG mode reports many errors in greater details and may already solve your

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  DEBUG mode reports many errors in greater detail and may already solve your
```

  question.
- Search in the
  [list of open and closed issues](https://github.com/geodynamics/aspect/issues?q=is%3Aissue)
  for a duplicate of your question.
- Search in the [ASPECT forum](https://community.geodynamics.org/c/aspect) for
  a duplicate of your question.
- If you did not find an answer in the previous searches, open a new question:
  - If you suspect you have found a bug, open a new
    [issue](https://github.com/geodynamics/aspect/issues/new) and explain your
    problem as described below.
  - If you are not sure how to set up a model, ask a question in the
    [ASPECT forum](https://community.geodynamics.org/c/aspect) as described below.
  - If you are not sure what to do, you can post a question in the
    [ASPECT forum](https://community.geodynamics.org/c/aspect).
- In either case, attach the following information:
  - a parameter file with a simplified and small model that reproduces the
    issue,
  - the `log.txt` file that was created during the model run,
  - one or several screenshots of the full error message you saw on your
    screen,
  - any information that helps us understand why you think this is a bug

>     (screenshots, data series, comparisons to reference results, etc.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    (screenshots, data series, comparisons to reference results, etc.),
```

>   - instructions how to reproduce the problem.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - instructions for how to reproduce the problem.
```
